1) What is a socket?
	A network socket is an internal endpoint for sending or receiving data 
	within a node on a computer network.


2) What is the difference between the domains AF_INET and AF_UNIX?
	AF_INET is IPv4 Internet protocols, while AF_UNIX is Local communication.


3) What is the difference between SOCK_STREAM and SOCK_DGRAM?
	TCP almost always uses SOCK_STREAM and UDP uses SOCK_DGRAM. 
	See man page for more.


4) Why is it important to clear all the values the addrinfo struct before using it in getaddrinfo?
	getaddrinfo() will use the information in addrinfo struct when creating the
	linked list, we don't want additional garbage value in the struct unless
	the value is specifically set. 


5) What are ai_family and ai_socktype?
	ai_family field  specifies  the  desired address family for the
    returned addresses.  Valid values for  this  field  include
    AF_INET  and  AF_INET6.
    ai_socktype field specifies the preferred socket type, for example
    SOCK_STREAM  or  SOCK_DGRAM.


6) What does getaddrinfo do?
	int getaddrinfo(const char *node, const char *service,
                    const struct addrinfo *hints, struct addrinfo **res);
    Given node and service, which identify an Internet host and a  service,
    getaddrinfo()  returns  one  or more addrinfo structures, each of which
    contains an Internet address that can be specified in a call to bind(2)
    or  connect(2).


7) What does connect do?
	int connect(int sockfd, const struct sockaddr *addr, socklen_t addrlen);
	The  connect()  system call connects the socket referred to by the file
	descriptor sockfd to the address specified by addr.


8) What is setsockopt?
	setsockopt() manipulates options for the socketreferred to by the 
	file descriptor sockfd.


9) What does bind do?
	The bind call associates an abstract socket with an actual network 
	interface and port. It is possible to call bind on a TCP client however 
	it's unusually unnecessary to specify the outgoing port.


10) What does listen do?
	The listen call specifies the queue size for the number of incoming, 
	unhandled connections i.e. that have not yet been assigned a network 
	descriptor by accept Typical values for a high performance server are 128 
	or more.


11) What does accept do?
	Once the server socket has been initialized the server calls accept to wait 
	for new connections. Unlike socket bind and listen, this call will block. 
	i.e. if there are no new connections, this call will block and only return 
	when a new client connects. The returned TCP socket is associated with a 
	particular tuple (client IP, client port, server IP, server port) and will 
	be used for all future incoming and outgoing TCP packets that match this 
	tuple.

	Note the accept call returns a new file descriptor. This file descriptor is 
	specific to a particular client. It is common programming mistake to use 
	the original server socket descriptor for server I/O and then wonder why 
	networking code has failed.

